I'll take this dress.
It's Miss Song
Miss Song, you have such a good eye.
What about this dress?
Is our chief designer
It took two years to design.
Not everyone can wear it casually
However, with your appearance and bearing like Miss Song
It's definitely no problem to wear it.
You're right, after all 800,000 clothes
Some people can't afford takeout for a lifetime
Are you right, sister?
Wasn't my sister a designer before?
Why is it reduced to delivery now?
Why are you so poor?
It's just a part-time job outside of my job
Oh, dear.
Look at what's on your clothes
You don't want to come here to buy clothes, do you?
Do you know how much this dress costs?
Can you afford that?
That's my business.
Come to the luxury store
And pretend to treat money as dung
For whom?
Tens of thousands of dollars a piece of clothing
Your husband who moves bricks can't satisfy you, right?
What's your business?
My husband is doing well
It's better than a few years
It's good to count the scum of the person next to you for money
A thousand times.
Remember that the last person was me.
You are next.
I'm not like you.
Brother Jing Ning really likes me
What he did to you before
Just to be with me
So you've already hooked up
Not just to get me a divorce
I want to ask me to kick out of the Song family
Yes!
Even the ducks are personally selected for you by me.
It's a pity that you escaped
But it doesn't matter.
I still ruined you
Song Mingzhu, I have never offended you, have I?
If you think I robbed you of your life
I have returned it to you.
Why be so mean?
Shamelessly ruined my life
Never offended me
You think you're giving me my life back?
Can everything in the past be written off?
You are in the Song family
I was starving and freezing outside
I like the idea of a few years, three years apart.
He is because you are the eldest lady of the Song family
Dare not refuse you
And I swore, if I had the chance
I must make your life worse than death